---
title: Welcome!
date: 2026-02-28 14:30:00 +0800
categories: [Artificial general intelligence]
tags: [agi, ai, news, open-source]
pin: true
image:
  path: https://demosai.org/assets/img/favicons/ascii-art-125.png
  alt: So easy a dog can do it
---


## Introduction
The DemosAI Foundation has been a long time brewing. The ever changing land scape of machine learning and global political atmosphere has built the roots what this journey will be founded on. The journey is of learning, teaching and creation of artificial intelligence systems and technology. DemosAI hopes to be a place of individuals who share same objectives, keeping intelligence in the hands of the people and helping them to utilize AI for a greater good of the human race.

## The Journey
With my personal skills built over the years creating and managing AI systems and computer systems in general, most of them not publicly available, I will try to do my best to steer the journey on it's destination. This endeavour was never to be taken alone, so hopefully some can join, even for a brief moment, on this journey. I invite you to go over to the WRITE section to create a post to the blog if you have any ideas to related topics burning!

## What comes next

I will write up blog posts of AI, LLM and ML technology and research that has been applied successfully in practice or theory.

I will also start work on open sourcing artificial general intelligence design documents and mathematics. No, full AGI hasn't been reached and can't be with LLMs, don't worry! 

For now let the computer greet you goodbye!
```python
# file: helloworld.py
def hello_world():
    print("Goodbye!")
```